docs(contributing): clarify lint command, automated versioning (#1894)
catppuccin/userstyles: docs/src/content/docs/contributing/index.md

## Development environment

> This repositories uses [Deno](https://deno.com/) extensively for linting, formatting, and automation. We highly recommend setting up Deno locally to improve your workflow — see ["Installation" - Deno Docs](https://docs.deno.com/runtime/manual/getting_started/installation). With Deno installed locally, you can run the lint script using `deno task lint` (and `deno task lint:fix` to automatically apply fixes) and the formatting script using `deno fmt`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository uses [Deno](https://deno.com/) extensively for linting, formatting, and automation. It is highly recommend to set up Deno locally to improve your workflow — see ["Installation" - Deno Docs](https://docs.deno.com/runtime/manual/getting_started/installation).

With Deno installed locally, you can lint all userstyles with `deno task lint`, and if any issues are found, `deno task lint:fix` to automatically apply fixes. Before merging a PR, it's preferred to run formatting script using `deno fmt`.
```

Author: > Before merging a PR, it's preferred to run formatting script using `deno fmt`.

Just fwiw we format all merged code on main automatically, if you format at all during the review process right when you open it is best so it is well formatted to read and review.
